(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Ally)
Poor Yuya must be
a nervous wreck!
If he doesn't win...
Our school's theirs.
Yuya...
The future of
my school's at stake.
But I'm up for the challenge!
(Tate)
All you Leo fanatics
better watch out!
(Frederick)
Your team is strong,
but we have Pendulum power!
Your poor friend doesn't
stand a chance
against Declan.
(Yuya)
Since you did me a favor by
letting me choose the field,
I'll let you go first.
I Fusion Summon
Triple D Flame King Genghis!
The guy is
a fusion master!
I tune my Level 3
Double D Nighthowl
with my Level 4 Lilith!
I Synchro Summon
Level 7 Triple D
Gust King Alexander!
A Synchro Monster?
So he can
Synchro Summon too?
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Triple D Wave
King Caesar!
He can summon
three different ways!
That's amazing!
I should warn you
that I have not even begun
to unleash my most powerful
monsters.
The worst is yet to come.
That sounds rather
terrifying,
don't you think?
I can assure you that
the reality is far worse.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
The true battle begins.
Flame King Genghis,
de‐fang that Whip Snake!
I got something
that'll dance to
your defense Whip Snake!
The spell
Hippo Carnival!
It lets me summon
three carnival craving
Hippo Tokens in
defense mode.
Now my Snake's protected
from getting scorched
because your
Flame King is forced
to give one of my Hippo's
the heave ho!
Awesome!
That was quick thinking
on Yuya's part.
Yeah, that move
got Gong going!
Well, then this will
surely blow you away!
Gust King Alexander, take out
another Hippo!
My Gust King
isn't through, however,
because he's also using
his special ability.
Since he vanquished one
of your monsters in battle,
another of your monsters will
now meet its ruin as well!
(gasping)
(groaning)
Caesar!
His Whip Snake
is now wide open!
Crack that Whip!
Whip Snake!
(beeping)
(Frederick)
Four monsters
wiped out in one turn?
That should be verboten!
I've accomplished
everything
I set out to
do in this turn.
Nicely done!
That was
a great performance.
I'm especially impressed
that you were able to summon
three different ways.
Now I take
center stage!
I can't Fusion, Synchro
or Xyz Summon like you.
But with Pendulum power,
I can swing
this duel my way!
Ready or not,
here I go!
Excellent!
Friends and fans,
your attention, please!
So far, I've been
warming up
in preparation
for my main act!
But now there's gonna be
no holding back!
I promise to dazzle you
with my spectacular display
of dueling knowhow!
I know what's coming next!
I'll use
Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control of this
duel starting now!
I now have the power
to summon monsters
from level two
through level seven
all at the same time!
Swing far,
Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Let 'em hear you roar,
Performapal
Fire Mufflerlion!
(roaring)
Oh, boy!
A new monster!
He's looks
totally adorable!
Und ferocious!
Sic that Lion
on 'em, Yuya!
Attack!
Your school
is counting on you!
My monsters are eager
to entertain you!
I direct your attention
to Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Its act is truly
overpowering...
and guaranteed to make you
leap out of your seats!
(gasping)
Here we go,
Odd‐Eyes!
It's showtime!
Target that Flame King!
Bowl this crowd over
with the most intense attack
they've ever seen!
(growling)
Spiral Flame Strike!
And to pump up
the excitement,
Odd‐Eyes will use
its special ability!
Since Flame King is
at least level 5,
Odd‐Eyes can
double the damage!
Reaction Force!
(beeping)
Aced it!
Now keep decking Declan's team
and don't let up!
(Frederick)
Jah!
Bash 'em in
their glockenspiels!
Fire Mufflerlion
takes center stage next
to showcase his incredible
special ability!
When a Pendulum monster
destroys one
of your guys,
Mufflerlion gives
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
200 attack points and
lets it attack again!
Perfect!
It's now or never,
Odd‐Eyes!
Go for it!
(roaring)
(beeping)
That trick's
too hot to handle!
No one outdoes Yuya
in the razzle‐dazzle
department.
When it comes to
ranglin' monsters...
the kid's a natural!
What a dueltainer!
He's just like his old man,
only shorter!
Gust King Alexander,
my Dragon's setting
its sights on you next!
Spiral Flame Strike!
Now, Odd‐Eyes, use your
special ability
to double the damage!
Reaction Force!
(beeping)
Ooh, I'm tingling from
my hair to my lederhosen!
♪
Yeah!
I'm in the zone today!
I activate the Action Spell
called Wonder Chance!
Wonder what it does?
It lets one
monster attack again!
Forward, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Focus your
firepower on King Caesar!
(beeping)
All right!
He dethroned
King Caesar!
This duel
has taken a 180
and now Yuya's in
complete control!
He's such
a monster meister!
It's such a relief!
I was worried
we'd lose the school,
but even though Declan can
summon three different ways,
Yuya's Pendulum Summoning
is overpowering!
Well, folks, I hope
everybody enjoyed the act!
That's all for now,
'cause Fire Mufflerlion
isn't allowed to attack.
And my Odd‐Eyes is also
battled‐out for this turn.
Thanks for your support!
And don't worry.
Both monsters will be back
for an encore performance
on my next turn...
and it will be
even more amazing!
Good job, Odd‐Eyes,
you were great!
♪
(gasping)
What's going on?
How is this
possible?
They're back!
But I saw
Yuya destroy them!
Gong, too...
What happened?
(Declan)
My monsters were saved
thanks to King Caesar's
special ability!
What ability?
It's quite impressive.
After the battle,
the mighty Ceasar
used one of his
Overlay Units.
This allowed him to
re‐summon all monsters
that were destroyed by
you in battle!
Caesar can revive
your whole team?
Is he a monster or some
kind of miracle worker?
Of course...
such immense powers
come at a great price.
Specifically, every monster
that Caesar revived
will cost me life
points on my next turn.
In fact, I must give up
1,000 life points
for each one.
So the damage will be
three times one thousand.
Und if you add that up und
subtract his life points...
it means Declan will soon
be going kaput!
(Sora)
Get real!
Declan wouldn't have
planned this
without giving
himself an out.
The boy is correct!
I'm activating
a trap card!
By using Triple D Human
Resources,
I can relocate three
Triple D Monsters to my deck.
Then I can recruit two
Double D monsters
from my deck and send
them straight to my hand!
(Sora)
See, he moved his monsters
to avoid taking damage.
I'll put one card
facedown.
Your turn!
This is one of
the coolest duels
I've ever been part of.
So far it's been
full of surprises.
You've done an excellent job
of keeping me in the dark
and I love not knowing
what you'll
throw at me next!
I, too,
have enjoyed our duel.
The experience has been
most educational...
especially when you
showed me what it's like
to be on the receiving end
of one of your Pendulum
monster's attacks.
Now I'll
return the favor.
I have unlocked the secrets
of many forms of summoning,
including one that
is highly prized by you!
Prepare yourself
for a surprise!
Using these cards...
Double D Savant Galilei
and Double D Savant Kepler
I'm going to set
the Pendulum Scale!
No way!
(gasping)
I'll beat you at
your own game, Yuya!
(beeping)
Just like you,
I can also Pendulum Summon!
I can now summon monsters
from level two through nine
at the same time!
Maybe the guy is just
bluffing...
I don't think so.
Me either!
The energy of the universe
swings between the forces of
darkness and of light.
I shall now harness the power
of this eternal oscillation!
I Pendulum Summon
and call upon my
three monsters to emerge!
(gasping)
Behold the three
fearsome immortals
who can command
the obedience of all!
My trio of Triple D Doom
King Armageddons!
(quivering)
But how?
How did he learn to
Pendulum Summon?
Attack!
Your target,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Destroy Yuya's monster!
Yuya!
♪
I snagged
the Action Spell Miracle!
It saves my monster
from destruction
and cuts the damage
I take in half!
You'll need more than
a miracle to save you!
My second Doom King
Armageddon now attacks!
(beeping)
He lost Odd‐Eyes!
Well, at least it won't
go to the graveyard,
since it's
a Pendulum Monster.
I see.
His Dragon was
sent to his Extra Deck.
And the same will happen
to that fiery feline.
No matter.
Doom King Armageddon,
finish off that Mufflerlion!
(Yuya)
I need another Action Card!
(beeping)
He's running out of
life points!
Yuya...
I gotta know!
Declan, how did you
learn to Pendulum Summon?
That is really none
of your concern, Yuya.
Impressive work, Declan.
Now that you have mastered the
Pendulum Summoning technique,
the You Show School
is finished.
(Henrietta)
It is a complete victory!
Once we've added Pendulum
studies to the Leo curriculum,
I can have You Show
razed to the ground!
How did he master
so many techniques?
It almost seems too easy.
If you ask me,
there's something strange about
this Declan character.
What am I gonna do?
I only had one advantage
and now that's gone...
No!
Don't give up
on yourself, Yuya!
Ya gotta dig down deep!
Keep fighting!
It's not over!
There's still
a lot of duel left!
You have to get back
in the zone.
Stop worrying about losing
and focus how
you can win this!
But he has his own
Pendulum monsters.
I thought I was the only one
who had Pendulum cards...
No, none of
that matters now!
There's only one thing
that's important!
Saving my school!
(Yuya)
I can do this!
There aren't any cards
in my hand,
but if I can
draw the right one
I can make things
swing my way!
(Yuya)
I can do this!
There aren't any cards
in my hand,
but if I can
draw the right one
I can make things
swing my way!
I've done it!
Okay, get ready!
Don't let me down,
Magicians!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve
the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
First, let's welcome back
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
And it'll be joined
by its old friend,
Performapal
Fire Mufflerlion!
Plus, Performapal Partnaga
is joining the party!
(Frederick)
He went for
a triple play this time!
That's a sure sign
he ain't givin' up!
Yuya still has a chance!
Partnaga, use your
special ability to give
Odd‐Eyes a hand!
Once Partnaga is summoned,
it can use its special ability
to boost a monster
by 300 attack points
for every Performapal
on the field!
I'm sure you don't need me to
do the math for you, do I?
(Declan)
Indeed not.
You have added
600 attack points
to your Odd‐Eyes.
(roaring)
(Yuya)
The odds are
totally in my favor now!
Those Armageddon creeps
are going down one by one
and it's all thanks
to Odd‐Eyes.
It'll pour on
the heat with its extra power,
and then use its special ability
to deal double the damage!
Next we'll
highlight teamwork!
With Mufflerlion's special
ability,
Odd‐Eyes gets to
attack a second time
to take out Declan's second
Doom Armageddon!
Finally, I'll add
some razzle‐dazzle!
Since Odd‐Eyes destroyed
two monsters,
I can activate my trap
One Two Jump!
That card will let Odd‐Eyes
attack for a third time!
As a bonus, the attack points
of Doom Armegeddon
will be cut in half!
That should give Odd‐Eyes
the upper hand
and help him lower
the boom on Declan!
It's a perfect plan!
We just have to seal the deal
with a flawless performance!
We're on!
Odd‐Eyes, take aim,
and take out
Doom Armegeddon Number 1!
Spiral Flame Strike!
Now, it's just like
we rehearsed.
You can use your special
ability to double the damage!
Reaction Force!
(beeping)
My monster may have
been destroyed
but it's only
a temporary setback.
Step two...
Fire Mufflerlion's
special ability‐‐
Will do nothing because
I activate
Armageddon's ability!
Uh‐oh!
You should be
worried, Yuya...
very worried!
Once Armageddon
exits the field,
its attack points are
immediately sent to
each of my
remaining monsters
until the turn ends!
As a result,
the two Armageddons
that are still
on my field
will both have their attack
points increased by 3,000!
6,000 each?
That's incredible!
Yuya!
How can he
destroy them?
He'll need
a lot of firepower.
There's two of
them to beat.
Good luck, Yuya!
You'll need it!
Looks like
the school's closin' up.
It can't.
I'm stuck.
I'll have
to end my turn.
(beeping)
We've reached
the end... for you!
Oh, no!
Where did they go?
Ja, where?
Maybe things are going all
haywire because Declan
hasn't perfected
Pendulum Summoning yet!
It gives
Yuya an opening!
Yeah, even if Declan is able
to Pendulum Summon again,
he can only bring out monsters
that are Level 3 or 4!
Maybe I got a chance.
(Yuya)
As long as Declan's monster
is Level 5‐or‐below,
Partnaga's special ability
can stop it from attacking.
Any monster he Pendulum Summons
will be powerless against me.
(Declan)
I thought these prototypes would
be up to the task...
but it's clear now there's
still a lot of work to be done.
Wait a minute...
why didn't I think
of this before?
(laughing maniacally)
I didn't realize 'til now how
complex Pendulum Summoning is,
or how incredible its
potential could be!
What's wrong?
Nothing is wrong.
I just realized
there's a way to evolve
the Pendulum method!
And I'm going to
show you right now!
(Yuya)
Evolve Pendulum Summoning!
What's he going to do?
It's Marco,
Madame Chairwoman.
What's going on?
We have to tell him!
This better
be important.
I'm afraid that we have
an emergency
on our hands,
Mr. President.
♪
Wait... where're you going?
We'll finish this
some other time.
You can't leave now!
What was the move
you were gonna make?
♪
You'll see.
Someday.
(Yuya)
Can he really transform
Pendulum Summoning?
So long, Declan.
♪